Add home battery storage entities for enphase_envoy (#32010)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/enphase_envoy.markdown

- For `Solar production`, use the `Envoy Lifetime energy production` entity.
- For `Grid consumption`, use the `Envoy Lifetime net energy consumption` entity.[^3]
- For `Return to grid`, use the `Envoy Lifetime net energy production` entity.[^3]
- For `Energy going into the battery`, use the the `Envoy Lifetime battery energy charged` entity.[^5]
- For `Energy coming out off the battery`, use the the `Envoy Lifetime battery energy discharged` entity.[^5]

[^3]: Only applies when using  Envoy S Metered / IQ Gateway Metered with installed and configured <abbr title="current transformers">CT</abbr>.

[^5]: Only applies when using  Envoy S Metered / IQ Gateway Metered / IQ Combiner with installed and configured storage / battery <abbr title="current transformers">CT</abbr>.

## Debug logs and diagnostics

> This integration provides debug log and diagnostics report as described in the [Home Assistant troubleshooting pages](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides debug logs and diagnostics reports as described in the [Home Assistant troubleshooting pages](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics).
```
